{\rtf1\pca
{\fonttbl{\f1 Tms Rmn;}}
{\colortbl;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\f1 \fs24 \cf0 \b0 \i0 \ul0 \strike0 \outl0 \caps0 \ql \fi0\li0 \sl24\smult0 {\header }
{\footer }
{\header \qc \fs28 \b \ul Things To Do\par
\par
\fs16 \b0 \ul0 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brsp80\brdrcf0\par\pard\par }
{\footer \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brsp80\brdrcf0\par\pard\par \qc \fs20 Page  of }
\fi-720\li720 \ul Open Calls (Public Bugs/Problems/Concerns)\ul0 \par
\cf1 \b 509204-1/98530\b0  MidlandBank(Jackson): Failing Source/Call stating that line number cannot be found in PMWIN.DLL for which SYM information has been found.  \i Fixpack 2.1.2(d).\i0 \cf0 \par
\cf1 \b 500318-1\b0  MidlandBank(Schwer): No stack trace on secondary thread.  \i This appears to be the old failure to properly index a secondary thread's stack memory.  They have been asked to retry this problem with the new agent, as the dump was plainly from the older version.\i0 \cf0 \par
\cf1 \b 500011-2/97324\b0  MidlandBank(Schwer): Bad timestamps on entries in the Module table.  \i Fixed and sent via e-mail.\i0 \cf0 \par
\cf1 \b 487193-1/95728+95731\b0  MidlandBank(Schwer): Incomplete source support.  \i Done, release 2.1.3.  They are waiting interestedly on the new release.\i0 \cf0 \par
\cf1 \b 481498-2/94702\b0  MarineMidland(Sauvageau): Screen shot black sometimes.  \i This is presumably the failure to capture a screenshot while in text mode.  Done, release 2.1.3.\i0 \cf0 \par
\b 481498-3/94703\b0  MarineMidland(Sauvageau): Various FE reports don't exist.  \i This is a known problem, discovered in testing 2.1.1 back in July 1997.  The reports are: File Status Details, Named Pipe Status Details, Segment, Local Variables, Global Variables, Function Source and Register Summary.\i0 \par
\par
\ul \ul Current Bugs & Things to Work On\ul0 \par
\'04  Rebuild all HLP files.\par
\'04  TESTPLAN: Loop snap test.\par
\'04  FXAGENT: Resource leak from too many start/stop cycles?\par
\'04  FMDCE: Minimal capture does not get the GDT/LDT.\par
\'04  FMDCE: Minimal capture results in a rather strange capture of the code segments.  Every third page is caught.\par
\'04  FMDCE: If the managed fault directory and the SYSTEM directory are on the same drive, do not use the fallback directory for fault capture.\par
\'04  FA: Snap of MAHJONGG (16-bit) gave no meaningful stack analysis.\par
\'04  FA: $luerrmod$ not always being expanded in the Diagnostic Summary.\par
\'04  FA/FE: TRAP_PM/int03 shows link to source from source stack, but the source window is empty.\par
\'04  FA/FE: TRAP_PM/int03 stack summary fails to identify a module or symbol for the topmost entry, though the Source Stack and Failing Source both show the correct results.\par
\'04  FA/FE: TRAP_PM/int03 source stack does not show a link to the failing call.\par
\'04  FA/FE: TRAP_PM/int03 failing call does not show source.\par
\'04  FA/FE: Enhanced stack for TRAP_PM.EXE refuses to show FXTRAPS.ASM.  This appears due to the fact that TRAP_PM.EXE contains no 0x103 (Types) or 0x104 (Symbols) records.\par
\'04  FE: OpenClass error trying to load CICS fault.\par
\'04  FE::HYP: If the text to display contained any carets beyond those inserted to indicate hypertext start/end, then the hypertext link generation will fail.\par
\'04  FE: When a report of a disassembly view is requested, it generates the right report.  When the memory browser is invoked for the same segment, and a report requested for it, the disassembly report is generated instead of a memory dump report.  Both report requests were for the same thing: 0x00010000.\par
\'04  FE: Failing Source/Call windows are not always being prepositioned correctly.\par
\'04  FE: Tab character does not select next field in PIB & TIB windows.\par
\'04  FM: Dying upon encountering a bad capture file.\par
\'04  FM: Fault Manager does not clear status & name fields after DM deletes files.\par
\'04  FM: Occasionally faults upon shutdown.\par
\'04  FM: Occasionally fails to get path/name info from file, then refuses to look at the file again later to correct itself.\par
\'04  FM: Shouldn't we confirm the deletion of locked files?\par
\'04  DUMPMGT: Profile create/update date/time appears to be the date/time when the profile entry was created/updated, not of the information from the dumps themselves.\par
\'04  FXHOOKIT: Complains loudly if unable to unset hooks at termination.\par
\'04  FXBLDIDX: Fails if corrupted index of original file is present.\par
\'04  INSTALLR: Parameter dialogs do not appear when trying to install additional components.\par
\'04  INSTALLR: Creation of STARTUP.CMD is fine, but updates are handled wrongly.\par
\'04  INSTALLR: Uninstall failed to remove the HTML directory.\par
\'04  FXUTILS: INF file has no title.\par
\'04  MicroFocus COBOL hook does not work with revision 4.0.\par
\'04  Add any new MicroFocus COBOL error codes (and their texts) for revision 4.0.\par
\'04  C-Tree: Refuses to load a fault whose full path name includes embedded spaces.  This affects any program using \i zopen\i0 .\par
\par
\ul Open Enhancement Requests\ul0 \par
\b 63297\b0 \tab FE: The ability to decode OS/2 trace files.\par
\b 63302\b0 \tab SNAP: A means to kill processes \i definitively\i0 .  \i This is a Holy Grail of OS/2 gurus.\i0 \par
\b 63407\b0 \tab FE/FMDCE: Enhanced file information: (1) translate file mode to 'rw', 'ro', etc, (2) show max file size for system, (3) current file pointer/offset, (4) data from the file near the current file pointer, (5) hyper-links to data from the file summary screen.\par
\b 63411\b0 \tab FE/FA: Compare and highlight differences between the environment settings in CONFIG.SYS and the environment settings at the time of the fault.\par
\b 63824\b0 \tab Tracing ability.\par
\b 63826\b0 \tab Specify dump directory in capture rules.\par
\b 64897\b0 \tab Add 'On-Shutdown' procedure to shut down agent and messenger automatically.\par
\b 64905\b0 \tab Capture the contents of OS2.INI and OS2SYS.INI.  If the archive-at-boot option is enabled, perhaps we want to capture the contents of the most recent archive as well for comparison.\par
\b 65101\b0 \tab FE: Allow a new fault to be opened.\par
\b 65105\b0 \tab Enhance the FM fault object so as it make it self-maintaining.\par
\b 65557\b0 \tab Allow EBCDIC browsing of memory.\par
\b 65795\b0 \tab Record parameters passed to secondary threads upon their startup.\par
\b 66062\b0 \tab FE: Add the ability to group duplicate faults, possibly in a tree structure.\par
\b 66912\b0 \tab If FX gets installed on a version of OS/2 not supported, send a message somewhere.\par
\b 67241\b0 \tab DB/2 support.\par
\b 67242\b0 \tab SQL support.\par
\b 67243\b0 \tab CM/2 support.\par
\b 67244\b0 \tab Use FFST notification in relation to DB/2 & CM/2 faults.\par
\b 67248\b0 \tab Support for self-describing data?\par
\b 67249\b0 \tab Add an API for marking memory for mandatory capture in case of fault.\par
\b 67250\b0 \tab User exit on capture, add results to data capture file.\par
\b 67558\b0 \tab FACFG: An option or set of options to cause confirmation dialogs (i.e: delete, close) to be displayed, or not displayed, akin to the one in OS/2's System Settings object.\par
\b 67832\b0 \tab Demangle C++ function names.  \i Partially done, fix 211F.  Still needs to demangle global and local variable and member names.\i0 \par
\b 68828\b0 \tab Rules-based messaging.\par
\b 70236\b0 \tab Notification via Lotus Notes or Internet E-Mail.\par
\b 70239\b0 \tab Include source code in disassembly where possible.\par
\b 70438\b0 \tab Identify writable vs. non-writable files.  Allow sort based on it.\par
\b 70480\b0 \tab Recognize and configure snap-dump faults. \par
\b 70481\b0 \tab FE: Need to recognize and show diagnostic summary for Snap-Dump faults.\par
\b 72081\b0 \tab Link between memory browser, code disassembly and the jump-to column.\par
\b 72313\b0 \tab Memory browser: Shadow the hex-dump cursor in the text area.\par
\b 72932\b0 \tab Add ability to append a note to a fault capture at the time of capture.\par
\b 73593\b0 \tab Notify if pager fails.\par
\b 81839\b0 \tab Source support for Borland C/C++ for OS/2.\par
\b 83233\b0 \tab Alter product licensing name from 'fxworkbench' to 'fxos2view' to avoid U/X conflict.\par
\b 89050\b0 \tab New meta-symbols for templates: $Env:xxx$ (MarineMidland).\par
\b 89281\b0 \tab Better way to find the hook point in OS2KRNL (Bell-Sygma).\par
\b 89475\b0 \tab FMDCE: Build a table of all shared named semaphores during capture (Alcatel).\par
\b 93572\b0 \tab Clear diagnosis of stack corruption where possible.\par
\b 95174\b0 \tab Need to enlarge the customer support contact list for international clients.\par
\b 95283\b0 \tab Need a way to abort capture from the first user exit (a REXX interface?).\par
\b 96012\b0 \tab FM: Provide a 'view screen' or 'view notes' option to the file context menu (MarineMidland).\par
\b 97325\b0 \tab FXHOOKIT/FMDCE/FE: Capture and display recent module load/unload activity.\par
\par
\ul Other Enhancements\ul0 \par
\'04  Source support for Watcom C/C++ for OS/2.\par
\'04  Source support for GNU C/C++ for OS/2.\par
\'04  IBM SmallTalk support (both older and VisualAge versions).\par
\'04  IBM Visual Age for COBOL support.\par
\'04  Easel support (this appears to be a variant of SmallTalk).\par
\'04  REXX support (capturing exceptions).\par
\'04  INSTALLR: Fix the installation size estimates.\par
\'04  INSTALLR: Option to not delete faults.\par
\'04  INSTALLR: Option to completely remove system INI information.\par
\'04  INSTALLR: Configure Messenger.\par
\'04  INSTALLR: Option to load agent via RUN=.\par
\'04  QWHERE: Examine DLL export tables for symbols.\par
\'04  QWHERE: Convert MAP files to SYM files if necessary.\par
\'04  QWHERE: Accept MAP files with /LINENUMBER option as line number table source.\par
\'04  QWHERE: Needs to properly deal with executables with \i only\i0  line number info, no debug.\par
\'04  DUMPMGT: Add NodeName, OS, Desc, Status, Lock to profile.\par
\'04  Dump Management stats/analysis/reports.\par
\'04  Reorganize the Fault Explorer interface.\par
\'04  Capture recent keyboard & mouse events.  \i Capture is done, presentation remains.\i0 \par
\'04  Loop Agent.\par
\'04  Lockup Agent.\par
\'04  Ring Zero trap detection and analysis.\par
\'04  Capture OS/2 error codes (as opposed to faults).\par
\'04  REXX interface similar to that being implemented for FX for CICS 4.1.\par
\'04  Keep all '.his' files in the SYSTEM directory.\par
\'04  FE: Include the system SYM path in the initial symbol path list.\par
\'04  FE: Enhance hypertext viewer to handle colors, fonts, etc.\par
\'04  FE: Recursive symbol paths.\par
\'04  FE: Interpret \i tib2_ulpri, pib_flstatus, pib_ultype\i0 .\par
\'04  FE: Replace ProgramInfo/Registers... with Register Summary (Chris Jokinen).\par
\'04  FE: Add standard toolbar to screen bitmap viewer.\par
\'04  FE: Don't show modules that are not in the process context.\par
\'04  FE: Show 16-bit code/data segment selectors in their respective tables.\par
\'04  FM: Path/Symbol dialog should remember its history.\par
\'04  FM: Filter file list.\par
\'04  FMDCE: Capture system window heirarchy.\par
\'04  FACFG/FMDCE: Use default capture rules if no rules can be found.\par
\'04  FACFG: Edit exclude/include list on a per-rule basis.\par
\'04  FXLN: Configurable fonts/sizes/colors.\par
\'04  FXDIRMNT: Build the target directory if none is specified, or create it if it doesn't exist.\par
\'04  FXMODX: Interpret all debug information in all formats.\par
\'04  FXRMVIEW: Rework the parser to use YACC.\par
\'04  FXHOOK: Capture keyboard/mouse activity in text-mode sessions.\par
\'04  DEPEND: Process the \i dlginclude\i0  & \i rcinclude\i0  commands of RC files.\par
\'04  DEPEND: Process the BITMAP, ICON and POINTER statements of RC files.\par
\'04  DEPEND: Process the &artwork. operator of IPF files.\par
\'04  DEPEND: Use YACC/LEX parser?\par
\'04  DEPEND: Allow for build of object in the current directory from source in another.\par

}